Add rollup node modes of operation, and corresponding subcomponents (#27)
ethereum-optimism/optimistic-specs: components/rollup_node/exec_engine.md

# L2 Execution Engine

## Overview

> The L2 execution engine is where transaction execution actually takes place, and is where all L2 state is held. Its goal is to be as similar to L1 nodes as possible by using the Eth2 Merge Engine API. In normal ETH2, the consensus node sends ETH blocks from the beacon chain into the engine. In Optimistic Ethereum, the Rollup Driver (and perhaps other components, depending on the type of Rollup Node) sends L2 blocks that are canonically generated from L1 into the engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The L2 execution engine is where transaction execution actually takes place, and is where all L2 state is held. Its goal is to be as similar to L1 nodes as possible by using the Eth2 Merge Engine API. In normal Eth2, the consensus node sends execution payloads (essentially eth1 blocks, without proof of work) from the beacon chain into the engine. In Optimistic Ethereum, the Rollup Driver (and perhaps other components, depending on the type of Rollup Node) sends L2 blocks that are canonically generated from L1 into the engine.
```

## Differences between L1 and L2 EE

1. **Deposit TX Type**: There is a new typed transaction which corresponds to deposits. This is a cross-chain message type; not propagated by the mempool, only insertable by the rollup node in correspondence to an on-chain event. This transaction type is also able to mint deposited ETH as new native L2 `account.value`.

> 2. **Deposit Insertability**: The TX type described above must be L1-authenticated and therefore cannot come from the unauthenticated mempool. This requires adding a `Transaction[]` argument to [`engine_perparePayload`](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-apis/blob/v1.0.0-alpha.2/src/engine/interop/specification.md#engine_preparepayload).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Deposit Insertability**: The TX type described above must be L1-authenticated and deterministically applied, and therefore cannot come from the unauthenticated mempool. This requires adding a `Transaction[]` argument to [`engine_perparePayload`](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-apis/blob/v1.0.0-alpha.2/src/engine/interop/specification.md#engine_preparepayload).
```

> 3. **Fee payment modification**: ETH is charged in addition to the `gasPrice * gasUsed`, to compensate the sequencer for rolling up the user transaction.

Author: We want to preserve [this API](https://community.optimism.io/docs/users/fees-2.0.html) that devs use today in terms of how fee cost is calculated

> 3. **Fee payment modification**: ETH is charged in addition to the `gasPrice * gasUsed`, to compensate the sequencer for rolling up the user transaction.

Reviewer 2: > Also note that the public goods mechanism can choose to burn ETH

Ok I see your logic here, can implement many possibilities with this including the user cost subsidies that I mentioned above
